Describe DML. Provide at least two examples of DML commands and explain when they might be used.
	DML is short for Data Manipulation Language. Out of the four options, this type is the most commonly used throughout the code. These operations are also known as CRUD operations: Create, Read, Update, and Delete. These commands will be used throughout any company that deals with Databases. 
	The create operation is used to add rows to a table. Generally, in a make command, you will find a list of columns, a list of values that correspond to the columns, and the table to insert this new row into. If you do not provide the list of column names to insert data into on the latest row of data, it is required to pass in all of the columns as values. Sometimes you don't need or want to provide all of the values in a table when creating a row. For example, if the ID of the table is a uniqueidentifier (GUID), you may have set the database up to auto-create a new GUID on a new row if one is not provided.
	The read operation is the most important and used operation when working with databases. Generally, a read operation starts with a SELECT statement, followed by a list of columns to return, which is then followed by a FROM clause with the tables from which to retrieve the column data. Next, you will typically see a WHERE clause to filter the data, so you don't return all 1 Million+ rows in the table. There are other clauses that you can include in a select statement as well. I will not describe those, as it would take quite a few words to explain them.
	The update command is used to update specific rows of data in a data table. Generally, this is also the command with which most developers get into trouble. All it takes is to forget the where clause in this command, and now you have just updated all rows with the new data.
	The delete command is used to remove rows from a table. Generally, you don't often see this statement run. Part of the reason is that once you delete data from a table, it can be challenging to recover that deleted data if it was deleted by mistake. Commonly, you will find an "IsActive" field in a table that gets updated instead of some other column similar to that. A reason why companies may not want to delete data is for legal reasons. If you delete an employee's data the same day they leave the company. Then, that makes things difficult if the employee, for some reason, sues the company.
	An example of when you use all 4 data manipulation commands is for an ordering website. You will use a Select (Read) command to get data from the database. The create command will be used to add items to your order. The update command could be used to update the quantity of an item in your cart. Lastly, the delete command can be used to remove items from your cart.
	The Select command might look something like this:
"Select ID as ItemID, Name, Price, Picture From Inventory where quantity > 1"
	The Update command might look something like this:
"Update UserCart Set Quantity = Quantity + 1 where ItemID = @ItemID"

Another example of when someone might use all four commands is for customer management. You can select customers to see a list of them and use the data for marketing campaigns. You can update and create data for customers as you learn new things about them. You may also need to delete a customer from your table if that customer requests that you remove them from their systems.
	The reason I say this is that it will be the most common set of commands you face, because, inherently, they will be typical of the average developer. The use of DCL and DDL commands is usually reserved for database administrators. Often, these commands are restricted to allow only administrators the ability to make changes like this. 
	At the same time, TCL commands are sometimes found in code, but many do not explicitly use TCL commands. Most of the time, developers generally do not care to make everything a transaction and deal with it that way. While this is a lazy approach to things, it usually doesn't matter to create a transaction to select items.