What is a primary key? Provide characteristics and an example for what type of field could be used, and what type of field should NOT be used as a primary key. Does each table need a primary key? Why or why not??

	A primary key is a constraint on a column in a table that requires all values in that column of data in the table to be unique. The database will error if you attempt to insert a duplicate key that already exists in the database. Additionally, this value is typically what is referenced when retrieving a single record from the database table, as it is always unique. A primary key is also regularly used to "link" that table to other tables using foreign keys. 
	For instance, you may have a transaction with header information that contains basic details. You may have a second table with actual transaction line data about the transaction. A foreign key can be used in the TransactionLine table to "link" back to the TransactionHeader table.
	An interesting thing to note is that in some database types, you are actually not limited to a single column being the "Unique Key". Instead, you can have multiple columns be the combined "primary key". Please note that it is not recommended to do this, as converting to a database that can't handle multiple primary keys in a single table will cause massive headaches. You may have multiple primary keys on a table if you have a multi-store database table that tracks transactions. To keep the numeric transaction ID from hitting the limit for size. You may create a second column named "StoreID" that, combined with the TransactionID, makes the primary key in the database.
	I suggest using UniqueIdentifier (GUID) as your default primary key value type. The likelihood of getting duplicates is slim, and you don't have to deal with "Renumbering" numeric IDs and hitting max limits of numeric IDs. While you can use text as a primary key, many database types are not optimized to handle a Primary key as a text value. Note that unique identifiers, although technically text values, are treated differently. However, if you are dealing with older code bases, many are unable to handle Unique Identifiers easily. You may be limited in the data type you choose based on the technology stack that will use the database. An example of a language that is notoriously difficult to deal with GUIDs is COBOL.
	I would never use a small option range data type as a primary key. For instance, I would never use a Boolean datatype as a primary key because you would only have a maximum of two rows of data in a table before encountering issues.
	
	